Sat Jun 17 21:17:07 UTC 2023

--

https://drakon.su/start

-- 

BEGIN TRANSLATION

Welcome to the site "Visual language DRAKON"

Friendly Russian Algorithmic Language That Provides Visibility/Reliability

Indeed? Do you know anything about the DRAKON language?
No problem. will help you An easy and pleasant tutorial .
And if you are a doctor, then you are here and here .
The goal of our project is universal algorithmization in all areas of life and in all branches of activity

DRAKON Language Forum.
There is a huge amount of valuable material on the forum. Check it out! You'll like it

DRAGON Forum»
If you have questions, register and feel free to open a new topic.
* How to register?

    Contacts
    Videos and presentations on the DRAKON language
    Books by Vladimir Parondzhanov Free download
    DRAKON language. For English speaking world

    Discussion on Medical Education Reform
    Medical Education Reform Project in Russia
    Occupational medicine
    Proceedings of V. Parondzhanov on clinical algorithms

    Program of Gennady Tyshov "IS Dragon"
    Examples of working with the IS Dragon program
    Stepan Mytkin's "DrakonHub" program
    Stepan Mitkin's program "DRAKON Editor"
    Dmitry Bardynin's program "DrakonBar"
    Eduard Ilchenko's program "Fabula"
    Artem Brazovsky's program "DRAKON-Assembler"
    Dragon schemes in 1C. Programming, implementation, training, support
    Visual language DRAKON
    Algorithms in DRAKON schemes
    DRAKON scheme tools
    Criticism
    DRAKON language library
    the library

Draft materials. Draft Warehouse

    Draft materials. Draft Warehouse


> DRAKON scheme tools

DRAKON scheme tools

Editors, code generators, etc.

http://forum.oberoncore.ru/viewforum.php?f=79
Means 1) 	Developer 	Note
DRAKON Integrated Environment 	Gennady Tyshov 	
Code generator for "hybrid language" DRON 	Yaroslav Romanchenko 	Develops in free time.
DRAKON Editor 	Stepan Mytkin 	
Schematic editor 	group of Leonid Eisymont 	Not developed, is of historical interest.
1) Open Development Tools
        
Dragon-editor of Leonid Eisymont's group

The editor dragon was developed under the direction of Leonid Eisymont at the Institute of Applied Mathematics of the Russian Academy of Sciences in the early 90s. Currently not developed and is of historical interest.

Editor (works under DOS)

Description of the editor

https://drakon.su/drakon_editor

==

DRAKON Editor
What is DRAKON Editor?

DRAKON Editor is an editor for drawing algorithms in the DRAKON language.

The DRAKON Editor has two purposes:

    Create diagrams for illustration and documentation.
    Program using DRAKON-schemes.

The hallmark of DRAKON Editor is simplicity. Diagrams in it are compiled, as in an office graphics program, from segments and squares.

Holding down the Shift key while editing activates a unique "smart" mode. In this mode, you can change the shape of the chart, but not its content. What helps to quickly restore beauty and order in the diagram.

Programmers can use the DRAKON Editor to generate source code from DRAKON schematics. Several programming languages ​​are supported:

    C and C++ (including language extensions from the Qt framework);
    Java (as well as its subset for computer graphics - Processing.org);
    C#;
    Python (versions 2.x and 3.x);
    Tcl;
    Javascript;
    Erlang;
    Lua.

Editor's website: http://drakon-editor.sourceforge.net/
Additional features

In addition to the actual editing of diagrams, the following options are available:

    storing several diagrams and a project tree in one file;
    powerful search and navigation tools;
    checking the graphic syntax of the DRAKON language;
    export to PDF;
    export to PNG.

DRAKON Editor supports all icons from the graphic alphabet of the DRAKON language.

In addition to DRAKON diagrams, using this editor, you can create diagrams of other types:

    sequence diagrams;
    class diagrams;
    entity-relationship diagrams.

DRAKON Editor is distributed in Russian and English.
System requirements

Supported operating systems: Windows, Mac, Linux.
How to install DRAKON Editor

DRAKON Editor requires the latest version of Tcl/Tk to be installed first.

Mac and Windows users can download Tcl/Tk from here: http://www.activestate.com/activetcl/downloads

Linux users install the following packages:

    tcl8.5
    tk8.5
    tcllib
    libsqlite3-tcl
    libtk-img

В Ubuntu:

sudo apt-get install tcl8.5 tk8.5 tcllib libsqlite3-tcl libtk-img 

Download DRAKON Editor

You can download the editor from here:

    http://drakon-editor.sourceforge.net/editor.html#downloads
    http://sourceforge.net/projects/drakon-editor/files/

How to start DRAKON Editor

В Windows:

    unpack zip archive
    double click on the drakon_editor.tcl file

On Make:

    unpack zip archive
    run DRAKONEditor.app

Under Linux:

    unpack zip archive
    in the terminal, go to the folder with the unpacked files and run the command

./drakon_editor.tcl 

The Linux version can be run in the same way, in the terminal, on the Mac.

drakon_gen.tcl is a command line diagram source code generator.




DRAKON Editor is PUBLIC DOMAIN except some third-party components (pdf4tcl, Liberation fonts).
Authors

Stepan Mitkin, Alexander Ilyin, Maas-Maarten Zeeman, Vasil Dyadov, Vasili Bachiashvili.
I

run ./drakon_editor.tcl from the terminal

tclsh drakon_editor.tcl
tclsh drakon_editor.tcl [.drn filename]		
	

